Now that we have our select request,
we already have this prepareStatementWith passing this sql query as a parameter.
We need to implement this and the PrimaryKey method here.
So let me create this method in the PreparedStatement wrapper class.
It takes the PrimaryKey as an object, and basically,
what we want to do is call the setLong method on this
statement object with the PrimaryKey as an object.
So this is going to work if the primaryKey.getClass is equal to long.class.
Here, I just wrote primaryKey.getClass == long.class,
meaning that the class should be the primitive type
long.class because it's written in lowercase.
But the problem is that this andPrimaryKey method
takes an Object as a parameter.
So if the primaryKey is a primitive type,
it has been wrapped in one of the wrapper type Long
with a capital L integer and the like.
So instead of checking for the long primitive type,
we need to check for the Long wrapper class because of this autoboxing feature.
And if the primaryKey is a long,
then I need to set the value of the primaryKey using the
setLong method from the PreparedStatement,
it is still the first and only parameter of this SQL string,
and then pass the primaryKey as a parameter that we need to cast as a Long.
This is going to throw exceptions, so let us declare that.
And here, we are going to return the statement.
Of course, if you want to handle all the different types of your primary keys,
you need to add other branches in this if.
So now we have implemented the preparation of the statement.
What we want to do is to create the instance from the resultSet we get once this statement has been executed against a database.